The Messenger: update docs formatting and fix outdated info (#3033)
ArchipelagoMW/Archipelago: worlds/messenger/docs/en_The Messenger.md

## Other changes

* The player can return to the Tower of Time HQ at any point by selecting the button from the options menu

>     * This can cause issues if used at specific times. Current known:

Reviewer: "Current known" feel weird, might not be correct in terms of syntax? Might be better to change with "Currently known issues". 
Current version is understandable, so a strong suggestion but not a required one.

>     * This can cause issues if used at specific times. Current known:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    * This can cause issues if used at specific times. Currently known areas:
```
Mirroring the other comment on this line, is mainly just an odd wording in my opinion
Not a vital change though

            * This is currently an expected action in logic. If you do need to teleport during this chase sequence, it
is recommended to quit to title and reload the save
* After reaching ninja village a teleport option is added to the menu to reach it quickly
* Toggle Windmill Shuriken button is added to option menu once the item is received
* The mod option menu will also have a hint item button, as well as a release and collect button that are all placed when
the player fulfills the necessary conditions.
* After running the game with the mod, a config file (APConfig.toml) will be generated in your game folder that can be
used to modify certain settings such as text size and color. This can also be used to specify a player name that can't
be entered in game.

## Known issues
* Ruxxtin Coffin cutscene will sometimes not play correctly, but will still reward the item
* If you receive the Magic Firefly while in Quillshroom Marsh, The De-curse Queen cutscene will not play. You can exit
to Searing Crags and re-enter to get it to play correctly.
* Teleporting back to HQ, then returning to the same level you just left through a Portal can cause Ninja to run left

> and enter a different portal than the one entered by the player or other incorrect inputs, causing a soft lock

Reviewer 3: A verb is probably needed here. Both "lead to" and "perform" seem fine to me, there's a few options.
```suggestion
and enter a different portal than the one entered by the player or lead to other incorrect inputs, causing a soft lock
```
